Okay.
My favorite food? What was my favorite?
Wait, you... Oh, you're asking me. Okay, I like.
Sashimi. Yeah. I like sashimi.
Tuna. Wait... wait.
But there's salmon too. I think, I think.
It depends on what kind it is.
Yeah, yeah. That's right, that's right. Salmon. Yeah. Okay.
That's true. So actually, you're right. I ordered salmon first. Yeah.
Okay. The first time I tried salmon, I almost threw up. Just saying. Like raw, raw.
because I hadn't been used to it. You know.
So after I got used to like the texture, I think it's just the texture.
Then I loved it. I realized it actually tastes so good. It's magical.
The first time I had it, I was like 10 years old. And I almost threw up, sorry.
But it's dry.
Oh, salmon fish.
Yeah.
What? What? Yeah, it tastes good.
mmh
Well... Okay.
Oh. also, I like the fried chicken.
I like fried chicken.
Um...
Korean fried chicken. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah, like the different flavors I have yeah that one.
So good.
Oh, that's uh... they deep fried.
They have... Yeah, then they have a sauce on it, or a flavor.
Yeah.
hmm... so good.
It kind of changed my life, like the first time when I went to Korea.
I was like, I need to try fried chicken
in Korea, like the Korean fried chicken. So I...
I had to try it until I...
It's amazing.
Oh.
I came back.
In July? I was there... Oh no no no no that
was in Japan. I was in Korea for 5 weeks.
in...
From
June? Like the whole month of June. Yeah.
Yeah. And like...
Yeah, but like real Korean food is just
Is like a kimchi nugget. Coz basically
street korean food. Yeah. But like the Korean food that I like
the fried chicken. And they have the cheese... like, do you like it?
the... they have it melted, the cheese.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think...
They melt....
Yeah, it's kind of weird. Did you saw something like that, while you're there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. They have a lot of stuff in there.
and everything Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I didn't really try it. Yeah, I don't like it.
Yeah, just the bread and... right. Me too.
Oh, yeah.
mmh
Oh, Yeah...
example...
Oh.
Oh yeah.
No.
What?
Wait.
But how do you do that through doors? That was actually so funny.
Oh.